Broadband advisor picked by FCC Chairman Ajit Pai arrested on fraud charges
Judge Hands Defeat to Trump and Cohen Over FBI Raid: ‘You’ve Miscited the Law’
Trump just blocked his own administration’s Russia sanctions
Judge denies Michael Cohen's restraining order over materials seized in raid, Stormy Daniels attends hearing
'Rapist in the White House’ Will Be Projected on Trump's Hotel for Sexual Assault Awareness Month
Stormy Daniels' lawyer gives ominous warning to Michael Cohen's associates: 'Anyone that had any contact with this man in the last 20 years should be very concerned'
Trump Enraged After Finding Out He Stood Up to Putin
Trump Won’t Impose the Russia Sanctions His Administration Announced Yesterday
Alexandre Bissonnette searched online for Trump more than 800 times before killing six men at mosque
Trump Should Be Worried by Cohen Probe. Really Worried.
James Comey got so freaked out by the fact he never saw Trump laugh he trawled YouTube looking for clips
$43,000 soundproof booth for EPA chief Pruitt violated law: U.S. GAO
White House walks back Haley announcement on Russian sanctions for chemical attack
Cost of EPA chief Scott Pruitt’s secure phone booth violated law limiting such expenses to $5,000 without prior approval, GAO says
Michael Cohen and the Busting of the Trump Crime Family
Trump Expected To Golf At Mar-A-lago As His Presidency And The World Erupts In Crisis
Federal judge denies Donald Trump's bid to review FBI-seized records
Rep. Himes: Cohen denied Prague trip to House Intel Committee
Kids are suing Gov. Rick Scott to force Florida to take action on climate change
Trump’s cybersecurity coordinator Rob Joyce is leaving White House
Hope Hicks reportedly crafted some of Trump's most savage Twitter insults
Michael Cohen’s Own Attorney Isn’t Swearing to His Story Regarding Steele Dossier
New lawsuit finds detained immigrants are forced to work for $1 a day
Stormy Daniels releases sketch of man who allegedly threatened her over Trump affair
Susan Collins: The Senate won't confirm a replacement for Rod Rosenstein who will kill Russia probe
Defense stocks jump on reports of new US weapons sale policy
North, South Korea may announce official end to Korean War
White House makes first legislative move on prison reform
The War Powers Resolution doesn't let the president start wars
Some Republican lawmakers, once critical of marijuana, now think highly of it. Here’s why
Stormy Daniels Releases Sketch of 'Thug' Who Allegedly Threatened Adult Film Star Over Trump Expose
Senate panel unveils bipartisan new bill to combat opioid epidemic
Lawmakers grill State Department and Pentagon on U.S. role in Yemen’s civil war
Collins says law to prevent Mueller firing wouldn’t hurt
A federal judge denied Trump's and Cohen's request to block the DOJ from reviewing documents seized by the FBI
The President Is Recklessly Waging War In All Directions
Judge rejects Trump's bid to block access to Cohen materials
His Father Was Killed Because He Helped American Troops in Iraq. After 8 Years, He Hasn’t Received a U.S. Visa.
Albuquerque passes new measures to make it harder to deport illegal immigrants
Trump Today: President says ‘enjoy’ tax cut as poll shows it’s unpopular
Senators introduce bill to update Trump's war authority
I.M.F. Sees Global Risk in Trump Trade Threats and Tax Cuts
California limits National Guard’s border mission, risking clash with Trump
Poll Shows Congressional Republicans In New Jersey Vulnerable Thanks To Trump’s Poor Numbers
Syria Strikes Show, Once Again, That We Can’t Police the World by Bombing It
GOP’s internal war intensifies in key Senate races, as McConnell faces new attacks
Vermont uses first major gun control laws to stop suspected school shooting plotter from getting a gun
Michael Cohen Worked in 2017 for Trump, the RNC Affair Guy, and One Other Person Who’s Probably Real Nervous Right Now
Trump Administration Wants to Shut Door on Abused Women
Opinion: Guantanamo Bay prison symbolizes our inhumanity
Stormy Daniels reveals sketch of man she says threatened her over Trump
EPA chief Scott Pruitt's $43K soundproof phone booth violated federal spending laws, GAO says
Why the White House Is Anxious Over the Records the FBI Seized by From Michael Cohen’s Office
Facebook investors want Mark Zuckerberg fired as chairman
Here's The Sketch Of The Man Who Stormy Daniels Said Threatened Her To Keep Quiet About Her Relationship With Trump
Trump and Abe aim to lessen tension over trade and North Korea
One of Trump's biggest accomplishments could make the next recession worse
Zinke failed to disclose campaign ties to speech host, IG says
‘Spare me’: Tillis draws GOP fire with pro-Mueller push
The Trump administration’s new migratory bird policy undermines a century of conservation
Mnuchin seeks to explain Trump’s mystifying Monday tweet on currency manipulation
Judge rejects Trump lawyer's request to keep seized records from being accessed by investigators
Bernie Sanders slams Netanyahu and Saudi crown prince, says Israel 'overreacted' to Gaza protests
Model claiming Trump secrets blames US for Thai prosecution
Big Loss For President Trump As Judge Blocks Bid To Shield Cohen Evidence
'Shameful day in Washington': five years after gun reform failed, is change coming?
Stormy Daniels Reveals Sketch Of Man Who Allegedly Threatened Her Over Trump Story
Why Ivanka Trump should be worried about the Michael Cohen investigation
Is Trump’s pardon of Scooter Libby a warm-up for a constitutional crisis?
Scott Pruitt’s $43,000 soundproof phone booth violated spending laws, federal watchdog finds
Starbucks CEO personally comes down to appologize to 2 black men who were arrested after refusing to leave when told that bathroom was for paying customers only
Russian reporter Borodin dead after mystery fall
Graham calls Syria strikes a 'major step backwards' for Trump
On China tariffs, farm groups say no
Judge rejects Trump and Cohen's bid to view seized papers before prosecutors
House chairman wants to cut more than $25B from Pentagon agencies
Judge rejects restraining order on evidence seized from Trump’s personal lawyer
Leaked police disciplinary records posted amid privacy fight
Senators Are Scrutinizing A Trump Nominee After His Transgender Daughter Accused Him Of Using Slurs
Why are California Republicans feuding over their own anti-gas tax campaign?
US senators introduce new war authorization with no expiration date
Trump Dismisses Russia Probe As A 'Witch Hunt,' But Mueller Keeps Finding Witches
Amid struggle for votes, GOP plows ahead with Cabinet picks
Michael Cohen Made Threats To Kill Off Donald Trump Jr. Affair Story And Succeeded, Report Says
Fund-raiser host for GOP N.Y. Senate candidate attacks Parkland shooting survivors on Twitter
A constitutional lawyer on why Trump’s Syria attack was “almost certainly” illegal
Far-right website claims it found no evidence of a chemical attack in Syria
IRS experiences technical difficulties on last day Americans can file taxes
Americans detained in North Korea a factor in talks - White House
Sessions Punishes Everyone
Facebook expels alt-right figurehead
Marching To Protest Trump's War On Science
Perpetuating the Cycle of Poverty
Chemical weapons experts arrive at Douma to assess attack site
UK academic says data firm helped Trump campaign spread fear
Arizona special election in dead heat: poll
Ret. Admiral: President Trump’s Actions Are Making Many Military Leaders Uncomfortable. That’s Bad for National Security
GOP donor says he's using tax cut money to fight Trump admin policies, elect Dems
Comey Says FBI's Reputation has Worsened, but Would Have Been Even Worse Without Him
John Bolton wanted a massive bombing raid in Syria. Trump said no.
New Vermont gun laws used to block suspected school shooting plotter from obtaining a gun
Big Oil Bids to Burnish Credentials in War on Climate Change
Americans still hate the new GOP tax law — and Republicans should be nervous
A federal judge forced Michael Cohen to reveal his secret client. It’s Sean Hannity.
New Hampshire governor didn't want his state used by Trump as a prop in fight against opioids
Dem rips Trump over Russia sanctions contradiction: 'Get your act together'
What’s in those seized records? Trump’s biggest new worry
U.S. Deficit by President
Have you noticed how poor people are bankrupting the government? Neither have we.
Russia May Have Tampered With Chemical Attack Site, Says U.S. Envoy
Could North Korea and South Korea finally end their war? Reports say yes
Missouri lawmakers threatened with donor exodus unless they back governor accused of sexual assault
US and UK blame Russia for 'malicious' cyber-offensive
U.S. and U.K. Issue Joint Alert Warning of Russian Cyber Attacks
Indiana church holds gun disposal drive in response to mass shootings
Syrians, Russians keep investigators from alleged attack site
Russia accused of global net hack attacks
Michael Cohen Could Be the Instrument of Trump's Doom
Earth, Wind and Liars
Survivors of violent crime raise their voices in California to call for a new approach to criminal justice
The U.S. and the world: Much to gain in leadership in fight against poverty
In case you missed it, last week was crazy. Here’s an oral history of five wild days in the Trump era.
Facing trade war with U.S., China’s Xi renews vow to open markets, import more
Trump halts plans for new sanctions on Russia over chemical attack in Syria
Cohen got Us Weekly to kill story about alleged Trump Jr. affair
GOP lawmaker: Trump firing Mueller would set off ‘political crisis’
BBC interview with Russian foreign secretary Sergey Lavrov where he describes relations with the west as "worse than cold war"
Feinstein war chest tops $10 million while Kevin de Leon struggles to keep pace
Scott Pruitt’s $43,000 Phone Booth Broke the Law, Congressional Auditors Say
Cable lobby and AT&amp;T beg California lawmakers to kill net neutrality bill. ISPs hate California bill even more than the FCC rules they helped kill.
U.S.-Russia Tensions Catch Up With Metals Tycoon Oleg Deripaska
Congress wrestles with new war on terror authorization
GAO: Scott Pruitt’s $43,000 secret phone booth broke the law
Trump accuses California's governor of not protecting border
Budget cuts put Puerto Rican culture at stake
Judge finalizes $25 million settlement in Trump’s fraud case
California rejects border duties for troops
Trump Document Review Would Set Dangerous Precedent, Prosecutors Say
Trump Reaches Deal to Send Detained U.S. Citizen Abroad, Gov’t Says
Kids are suing Gov. Rick Scott to force Florida to take action on climate change
Trade Wars Lead to Shooting Wars and Depressions
Fake news inquiry raises concerns over targeting of voters in Brexit referendum
Incoming Pence staffer withdraws after report Trump tried to block him
Keith Ellison: 'Women are dying because we are losing elections'
UK academic says data firm helped Trump campaign spread fear
